# PRIVACY NOTICE

*Autogenerated legal boilerplate last updated April 02, 2021*

*Lawyer status:* **CUTE**

Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Scatterbrain-DTN
("Project","we", "us", "our"). We are committed to protecting your personal
information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns
about this privacy notice, or our practices with regards to your personal
information, please contact us at gnu3ra@riseup.net.

When you use our mobile application, as the case may be (the "App") and more
generally, use any of our services (the "Services", which include the App), we
appreciate that you are trusting us with your personal information. We take your
privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we seek to explain to you in the
clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights
you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it
carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy notice
that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Services immediately.

This privacy notice applies to all information collected through our Services
(which, as described above, includes our App), as well as, any related services,
sales, marketing or events.

Please read this privacy notice carefully as it will help you understand what we
do with the information that we collect.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?  
2. IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?  
3. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?  
4. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?  
5. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?  
6. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?  
7. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES  
8. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?  
9. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?  
10. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?  
11. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
12. WHAT IF I WANT TO VOLUNTARILY SEND YOU LOADS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION?

## WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?

Information collected through our App

We do not knowingly collect any information though this app. Any information you
choose to transmit is shared with whoever is closest to you spatially
without any middleman or corporate entity "collecting" the data. The data is
stored on their phone only, not on some "cloud"

## IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?

In Short: information is only transmitted internationally if select people we do
not know or associate with elect to travel by plane or boat with the app
installed.

~~Our servers are located in: Albania, DPRK, and the large magellanic cloud~~

edit: we do not have servers and do not need them.  

If you are a resident in the European Economic Area (EEA) or United Kingdom
(UK), then these countries may not necessarily have data protection laws or
other similar laws as comprehensive as those in your country. We will however
take all necessary measures to protect your personal information in accordance
with this privacy notice and applicable law.

## HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?

In Short: If we HAD information we would keep your information for as long
as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless
otherwise required by law.

We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for
the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is
required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal
requirements). No purpose in this notice will require us keeping your personal
information for longer than ****01/01/2038****. (when the world ends)

When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal
information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is
not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in
backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and
isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.

## HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?

In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of
organizational and technical security measures.

We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures
designed to protect the security of any personal information we process.
However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no
electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can
be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers,
cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat
our security, and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information.
Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission
of personal information to and from our App is at your own risk. You should only
access the App within a secure environment.

If anyone invents "visual contact cognitohazards" capable of killing or
otherwise permanently incapacitating a person
who looks at them long enough, we will use them to protect any hypothetical
information we have. Please email me at my contact information if you have
developed any such technology.

## DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?

In Short: We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18
years of age.

We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of
age. By using the App, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are
the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use
of the App. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years
of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable
measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of
any data we may have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at
gnu3ra@riseup.net.

As a former child I can attest to the correctness of this information.

## WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?

In Short: You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.

If you are a resident in the EEA or UK and you believe we are unlawfully
processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to
your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact
details here:
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.

If you are a resident in Switzerland, the contact details for the data
protection authorities are available here:
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html.

## CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES

Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications
include a Do-Not-Track ("DNT") feature or setting you can activate to signal
your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities
monitored and collected. At this stage no uniform technology standard for
recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not
currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that
automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard
for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform
	you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice.

Note: the above paragraph makes little sense for an application with no web
backend. For a better DNT experience buy a phone with "mac randomization".

## DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?

In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific
rights regarding access to your personal information.

California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law,
permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us,
once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal
information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes
and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal
information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California
resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in
writing to us using the contact information provided below.

If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered
account with the App, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data
that you publicly post on the App. To request removal of such data, please
contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email
address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in
California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the App, but
please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed
from all our systems (e.g. backups, etc.).

## DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?

In Short: Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with
relevant laws.

We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be
indicated by an updated "Revised" date and the updated version will be effective
as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice,
we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by
directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy
notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.

## HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?

If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may contact our Data
Protection Officer (DPO), Alexander Ballmer, by email at gnu3ra@riseup.net, by
phone at 8474092122


## WHAT IF I WANT TO VOLUNTARILY SEND YOU LOADS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION?

If you send me personal information unrelated to this app
via my email contact only I will cherish it and
use it for the following activities:

- build a massive NLP chatbot army to annoy the world.  
- write loads of fanfic based on your life  
- make macaroni art  
- laugh at you and mock your information (but not share it aside from fanfics)  

This is OPTIONAL and generally a bad idea so do this at your own risk.
